1.	Special Scales
2. 	Debussy - Fetes
Debussy - Fetes
3.	Dorian Mode
Traditional - Plainsong
4.	Dorian Mode in Pop Music
Almer - Along Comes Mary
5.	Sibelius Symphony No. 6
Sibelius - Symphony No. 6
Barri & Sloan - Secret Agent Man
6.	Phrygian Mode
Liszt - Hungarian Rhapsody No. 2
Rimsky-Korsakov - Scheherazade
Brahms - Symphony No. 4
7. 	Lydian Mode
Prokofiev - Lieutenant Kije
Sibelius - Symphony No. 4
Chopin - Mazurka No. 15
Mussorgsky - Boris Godunov: Polonaise
8.	Mixolydian Mode
Berry & Greenwich - Hanky-Panky
Davies - You Really Got Me
Lennon/McCartney - Norwegian Wood
Debussy - Preludes Book 1:
La cathedral engloutie
Bernstein - Fancy Free: Danzon
9.	Aeolian, Locrian, Ionian Modes
Beethoven - Symphony No. 5
10.	Debussy - Fetes
Debussy - Fetes